# clock-app
I created a Clock App based on the Front-end Mentor’s project idea. I used their images, color scheme and I coded the website myself. I made HTTP Requests to public API’s: World Time API (https://worldtimeapi.org/api/ip), and Free Geo IP API (https://freegeoip.app/json/) to display the user’s local time/date and location. I also used a local JSON file that contains a list of quotes and a refresh quote button that will change the quote when clicked. I had difficulty storing the HTTP Request’s Response (user’s IP) from the World Time API, and then passing it to the next HTTP Request to Free Geo IP to get the user’s location. I solved this issue using a callback function to pass the response data from the first API call to the next to display the user’s location. I added have some fade animations that run when the data loads onto the page. I used an HTTP Request to a local JSON file, that contains a list of quotes, to mimic an API call because the calls to RapidAPI.com’s quotes APIs were too expensive. I then use the parse JSON method on the response object and passed it to a callback function. The callback function then displays the first quote in the array and listens for each button click in order display the next quote. If the user clicks the refresh quote button, the function will check the conditional statements, add 1 to the index until it reaches the quote array’s length. I had difficulty storing the HTTP Request’s Response (user’s IP) from the World Time API, and then passing it to the next HTTP Request to Free Geo IP to get the user’s location. I solved this issue using a callback function to pass the response data from the first API call to the next to display the user’s location.
